Remove var in favor of let and const (#16755)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/first_steps/a_first_splash/index.md

### Events

> At this point, we have a nicely implemented `checkGuess()` function, but it won't do anything because we haven't called it yet. Ideally, we want to call it when the "Submit guess" button is pressed, and to do this we need to use an **event**. Events are notifications about actions that happen in the browser — a button being clicked, a page loading, a video playing, etc. — in response to which we can run blocks of code. The parts of the browser that listen out for the event happening are called **event listeners**, and the blocks of code that run in response to the event firing are called **event handlers**.

Reviewer: For this project I think it would be much better not to keep PRs limited to the `var`->`const`/`let` changes, and not to include any additional changes.

> At this point we have a nicely implemented `checkGuess()` function, but it won't do anything because we haven't called it yet. Ideally we want to call it when the "Submit guess" button is pressed, and to do this we need to use an **event**. Events are things that happen in the browser — a button being clicked, a page loading, a video playing, etc. — in response to which we can run blocks of code. The constructor that listens out for the event happening are called **event listeners**, and the blocks of code that run in response to the event firing are called **event handlers**.

Reviewer 2: Constructor is clearly wrong here.

```suggestion
At this point, we have a nicely implemented `checkGuess()` function, but it won't do anything because we haven't called it yet. Ideally, we want to call it when the "Submit guess" button is pressed, and to do this we need to use an **event**. Events are notifications about actions that happen in the browser — a button being clicked, a page loading, a video playing, etc. — in response to which we can run blocks of code. The parts of the browser that listen out for the event happening are called **event listeners**, and the blocks of code that run in response to the event firing are called **event handlers**.
```
